To check if YouTube video can play
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nmWwxHnqudQ" 
    title="YouTube video player" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

Barry evens

In 2020, Sara Wallis and Ian Hyland from The Daily Mirror placed Barry 38th on their ranked list of the Best EastEnders characters of all time, calling him a "Total Mug" who "was duped by a conwoman, dumped by wife Natalie and fell for gold digger Janine, who left him to die after he fell off a cliff in 2004".[13]

In popular culture
In 2002 the character was featured in a spoof of the Michael Jackson hit video, Thriller, which was made as part of the annual fund-raising event, Children in Need.[14] Shaun Williamson (as Barry) played the Michael Jackson role, while Lucy Speed (as Natalie) took on Ola Ray’s role as his date. The spoof saw Natalie transformed into a zombie, as Jackson was in the original video. Several cast members took part in the spoof where they recreated the dance routine made famous in the original video.[15]

Following his stint on EastEnders, Shaun Williamson had a regular role as a comically unemployable version of himself in the Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant comedy series Extras, in which his career has bogged down partially as a result of the incompetence of his agent Darren Lamb (played by Merchant). A frequent running gag is that even Lamb is unable to remember his client's real name, instead referring to him as "Barry off EastEnders.". The character of Barry Evans has also been spoofed in the cartoon sketch show 2DTV.

On 20 January 2017, EastEnders actor Jake Wood and Channel 4 posted a satirical video showing "Barry" singing (Something Inside) So Strong at the inauguration of President Donald Trump on Twitter.[16] The video actually shows Shaun Williamson performing at the 2014 World Indoor Bowls Championship in Great Yarmouth.[17]

In March 2020, Jade Thirlwall, English singer and songwriter, and member of the British girl group Little Mix, appeared in a FaceTime interview on Capital FM's Breakfast Show, wearing a 'Barry' t-shirt.[18]

British pro wrestler and Isle of Sheppey native Zack Sabre Jr. has used a submission move that he calls “Barry From EastEnders” as a finisher since his pro wrestling debut in 2004.


Other heroes:
Hedy Lamarr - Hollywood actress who co-invented frequency-hopping radio tech in 1942 to guide torpedoes, 
laying groundwork for Wi-Fi and GPS while dodging typecasting as "the most beautiful woman in the world."

Philo Farnsworth - Teenage inventor who in 1927 demonstrated the first fully electronic TV transmission 
from a basement lab, beating corporate giants but dying penniless and forgotten.

Chiune Sugihara - Japanese diplomat who, against orders in 1940, hand-stamped thousands of visas overnight to save over 6,000 Jewish refugees from the Holocaust.
Vasili Arkhipov - Soviet submarine officer who, during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis, single-handedly vetoed a nuclear torpedo launch that could have sparked World War III.
Irena Sendler - Polish nurse who smuggled 2,500 Jewish children out of the Warsaw Ghetto in suitcases and coffins during WWII, later tortured but never betraying her network.
Henrietta Lacks - African American tobacco farmer whose cells, taken without consent in 1951, became the HeLa line that fueled breakthroughs in vaccines, cancer research, and gene mapping.
Ignaz Semmelweis - 19th-century Hungarian doctor who proved handwashing slashed childbirth deaths by 90%, but was mocked by peers and died in a madhouse from an infected cut.
Mary Anning - Self-taught 19th-century English fossil hunter who unearthed the first ichthyosaur skeleton as a child, reshaping paleontology despite being snubbed by male scientists.
Alice Ball - Pioneering Black chemist who in 1916 created the first effective injectable treatment for leprosy, only for a colleague to steal credit after her untimely death at 24.
Tenzing Norgay - Sherpa mountaineer who co-summited Everest in 1953 with Edmund Hillary, carrying a photo of Gandhi but often erased from the "man conquers mountain" narrative.
Sybil Ludington - 16-year-old American who in 1777 rode 40 miles on horseback through a storm to warn militias of a British raid, earning her the nickname "the female Paul Revere."
Hugh Thompson Jr. - U.S. Army helicopter pilot who in 1968 landed between his troops and Vietnamese civilians at My Lai, ordering his crew to open fire on soldiers to halt the massacre.
Danny Kirwan - Fleetwood Mac's original guitarist who penned haunting tracks like "Albatross" in the late '60s, shaping their bluesy sound before mental health struggles led to his quiet exit.
Leon Spinks - Ex-Marine boxer who in 1978 stunned the world by defeating undefeated heavyweight champ Muhammad Ali in his eighth pro fight, becoming the first to do so on short notice.
James Harrison - Australian "Man with the Golden Arm" who donated blood plasma over 1,100 times starting in 1951, providing antibodies that saved 2.4 million babies from Rh disease.